docs: improve documentation (#425)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: docs/QUICKSTART.md

4. 💚 Create a Fuel DApp to interact with your Contract

You can also access the [Example App here](./examples/my-fuel-dapp).

## 🌴 Install `forc` and the `fuel-core` locally

`Forc` is similar to "npm", or "cargo" but for [**🌴 Sway**](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway). `Forc` stands for Fuel Orchestrator. Forc provides a variety of tools and commands for developers working with the Fuel ecosystem, such as scaffolding a new project, formatting, running scripts, deploying contracts, testing contracts, and more. If you're coming from a Rust background, `forc` is similar to cargo.
[read more about Forc](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.19.1/forc/index.html)

`Fuel Core` is the implementation of the `Fuel VM`. `Fuel Core` provides the ability to spin-up a `Fuel Client` locally with custom chain configs. The `Fuel Core` is also used on the live chains, but we are not going to cover it here, as we wan't to focus on development only.
[See more](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core)

### MacOS and Linux

When using `MacOS` and `Linux`. We provide a tools [`fuelup`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuelup) that works as toolchain manager for Fuel.

#### 1. Install `fuelup`;

```sh

> curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://fuellabs.github.io/fuelup/fuelup-init.sh | sh

Reviewer: Is there a way to add a copy button to this terminal command and the other terminal commands in general?  That's always a nice feature for devs working through docs.

Author: I add a button now

```

#### 2. Install `forc & fuel-core`

```sh
fuelup toolchain install latest
```

### Windows or other OS

When using `Windows` or installing from source code we also require you to install all cargo toolchain.
[See more instructions here](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.19.1/introduction/installation.html#installing-from-source).

### Checking environment

To check if `forc` and `fuel-core` are correct installed let's run a version command;

```sh
forc --version
fuel-core --version
```

Both should return the respective versions.

## ⚡ Running a Fuel locally

When developing the best way to test is running a local node, for this we need to;

1. **Create chain configuration**: This file will have the configuration of the root state of the local node. **Like initial account balances**.

> 2. **Run a local node**: We are going to provide to node process in witch IP and PORT we want it run, and the path to the `chainConfig.json` file we just create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Run a local node**: We are going to provide the node process the IP and PORT we want to run it with, and the path to the `chainConfig.json` file we just created.
```

### 1. Create chain configuration

Let's create a folder for our project.

```sh
mkdir my-fuel-dapp
```

> ⚠️ Notice: All the the commands will have the folder path relative to my-fuel-dapp, in order to know where you should execute things.

> Now let's add the root chain configuration, this enables us to initialize the chain with the configs we desire, on our case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's add the root chain configuration. This enables us to initialize the chain with the configs we desire. In our case
```

##### Install

Inside `my-fuel-dapp/frontend` run;

```sh
npm install fuels --save
npm install typechain typechain-target-fuels --save-dev
```

##### Generating contract types

To make easer to interact with contract we use `typechain` to interpret the output ABI JSON from our contract. This JSON was created on the moment we executed the `forc build` to compile our Sway Contract into binary. If you see the folder `my-fuel-dapp/contract/out` you will be able to see the ABI JSON there. If you want to learn more, read the [ABI Specs here](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-specs/blob/master/specs/protocol/abi.md).

Inside `my-fuel-dapp/frontend` run;

```sh
npx typechain --target=fuels --out-dir=./src/contracts ../contract/out/debug/*-abi.json
```

You should see something like this;

```sh
Successfully generated 4 typings!
```

Now you should be able to find a new folder `my-fuel-dapp/frontend/src/contracts`. This folder was auto-generated by our `typechain` command, this files abstract the work we would need to do, to create a contract instance, and also generate a complete TypeScript interface to the Contract, making easy to develop.

### 3. Modify the App.

> Inside the `frontend` folder let's add a code that interact with our contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `frontend` folder let's add code that interacts with our contract.
```

Read the comments to help you understand the App parts.

> Change the file `my-fuel-dapp/frontend/src/App.tsx` to;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the file `my-fuel-dapp/frontend/src/App.tsx` to:
```
Another thing to note is that while going through the quickstart the create-react-app command did not generate an App.tsx file.  Instead I have an App.js file locally.  This could be confusing for new devs.

function App() {
  const [counter, setCounter] = useState(0);

  useEffect(() => {
    async function main() {
      // Executes the counter function to query the current contract state
      // the `.get()` is read-only, because of this it don't expand coins.
      const { value } = await contract.functions.counter().get();
      setCounter(Number(value));
    }
    main();
  }, []);

  async function increment() {
    // Creates a transactions to call the increment function passing the amount
    // we want to increment, because it creates a TX and updates the contract state
    // this requires the wallet to have enough coins to cover the costs and also
    // to sign the Transaction
    const { value } = await contract.functions.increment(1).call();
    setCounter(Number(value));
  }

  return (
    <div className="App">
      <header className="App-header">
        <p>Counter: {counter}</p>
        <button onClick={increment}>Increment</button>
      </header>
    </div>
  );
}

export default App;
```

### 4. Run your project.

Now it's time to have fun run the project on your browser;

Inside `my-fuel-dapp/frontend` run;

```sh

> npm start

Reviewer: When running this command I get the following error: 
```
Compiled with problems:
ERROR in ./src/App.js 11:0-52

Module not found: Error: Can't resolve './contracts' in '/Users/mattauer/src/my-fuel-dapp/frontend/src'
```
I think this is probably because I have an App.js file locally instead of App.tsx and a tsconfig.  Is their a create-react-app command that generate a typescript project?

Author: @matt-user thanks I forgot to add the `--template` on the command;

Correct one:
```sh
npx create-react-app frontend --template typescript
```
